If he hadn't died
This time, I must come back for the living to lose.
You want to save Xueyao
You can only exchange the loss of the living
I'm going back to Chimelong Mountain now to find a master to lose the living
Scolding but not saying
Will the master give you such a precious thing?
The problem is that the master is currently traveling around
Where are you going to find one?
Hello, Senior Sister Tang, is that you?
Good good star moon
I'm not your senior sister
But almost
Your wife Zhang Xueyao is in my hands
Go another way
Only one person fell to window 188
Gao Yulin, let Xueyang say something
Otherwise I wouldn't believe you.
No problem. Come and talk to your husband
Hero, don't come here
He came here to ambush a lot of killers
You need me to go and save you now.
Gao Yulin, you dare to move the snow and ask for a sweat
I'll bury your family with you
Wait, if Tang down didn't die
He is very likely to join forces with Gao Yulin now
You don't marry now
No doubt died in vain
What is the difference between going to Hongmen Banquet?
Even going to Hongmen Banquet
I'm going, too.